# Project Title

## Summary
Provide a brief description of the project - 150-300 words.

## Project Information
#### Highly Qualified Personnel
**Your name**, Institution, email, ORCID 0000-0000-0000-0000

*Note: use a trailing * to denote the lead PI on the project*

#### Project Principle Investigators
**Your name**, Institution, email, ORCID 0000-0000-0000-0000

*Note: use a trailing * to denote the lead PI on the project*

#### Data sources
Provide links to any data used from external providers and/or submodules and their associated management source (e.g. IISD-ELA, OMOECC).

#### Funding sources
List your funding sources, grant names, and grand numbers of applicable.

#### Keywords
List keywords separated by commas

#### Geographic Coverage
- Geo Bounding Box: West Long
- Geo Bounding Box: East Long
- Geo Bounding Box: North Lat
- Geo Bounding Box: South Lat

## Repo content information
Use the space below to summarize the structure of the repository with a decription of each folder.

#### data/raw_data
Raw data files in various formats. Original files generated by analytical equipment, received from a data provider or outside contractor, etc.

#### data/clean_data
Clean data in formats for long-term storage. Modified data with the appropriate column/row headers and data structure.

#### data/processed_data
Processes data in formats for long-term storage.

#### code
Scripts for processing raw data into cleaned data.

#### bin
Scripts containing outside derived code.

#### src
Scripts containing user derived code.

#### docs
Project notes, other documentation, etc.

#### Figs_Tables
Figures and tables produced from analysis.

## Additional information and support

- Sensitive Data Flag - Human Participants: YES or NO
- Sensitive Data Flag - Indigenous Partnerships: YES or NO
- Sensitive Data Flag - Government Partnerships: YES or NO
- Sensitive Data Flag - Industry Partnerships: YES or NO
- Access Restrictions
